redcode
Non-Exclusive-Hybrid-Opportunities I Am Portable Hybrid Trailer Services is a Patent of multifaceted businesses opportunity. [Nonexclusive] transfer of licensees agreement, incline by 2008, Patented. 21st Century idea's. Our innovative organization goals: are an complex of licensing, Licensees Agreement form, then We, the Licensee, and Licensees have the right Leverage as partners, by your company past performance skills, business, (Leverage) of acquisition. Take advantage of this opportunity, ideas will reposition your company and establish your company environment, green friendly, company. This is an embedded wild card creative, unique concept of ideas, companies gaining profits, through this advantage opportunity. " Great opportunity" This is an embedded wild card creative, unique concept of ideas gain of 80.05%, within 3 to 5 years margin. The opportunity want be here much longer, get in, before the door close. This  opportunity is made possible through our strategic partnership, by public start-up,idea plans, and by our public future offer of stocks, that merge from this great start up company. Our "Eco Partnerships" are made available to interest companies, by offering them our transition to the 21st Century, by our innovations portable models, and platform technology. We offered this also, through our start up of franchise businesses models, another doorway of opportunity. We will allow your company to use our Cyber (CIF21)-(IT) leveraged, by cyber cloud injection. The hybrid technology will be made available also, through (IPv6) Internet Protocol Version 6. However, it must be mention that the Version 6, have already been developed, by the (ITL) Information Technology Laboratory. But for use only by signing a legal law binding, contract, by our Nonexclusive license, opportunity agreement form. Government Agencies We hope to solicit international government group partnerships, by the U.S. Public code law 95-507. A legal contract purchase agreement form, will be implemented. Once the legal agreement is put into law and orderly effect, then however: The partnerships have become established. Each of the companies, must sign our company pre-purchase order agreement form, and a Nonexclusive Agreement, contractors form. You the Sub, or the Prime, have the rights to leverage used our hybrid technology, by using it for your own individual work flows, and protected models cause. But held legally in check, by a binding government of law contract. Schedules 70's, to become due, by written orderly of contracts. A signed, blank purchase contractor agreement forms, inclined by our, for Profit, invention; startup of companies. Legally considered, by our partnering with the USA government. This is our road way to how we become One established teaming Group, by partnerships. Come together with us; by the (SCAP), and the cross section, incline by our generation integrity.
